ON-27706 # Guide for getting started docs for users (#197)
oneblink/cli: docs/api/hosting-api.md

# Hosting your API with OneBlink

## Deploying your API

Now we are at the fun stage, deploying our newly created API.

If everything is still setup from the past few steps, then we will be good to go. If not, you will have to ensure that you have logged into the OneBlink CLI and that you are in the right folder in your terminal.

Now we can run the command

`oneblink api deploy`

> After running this, you will get text in your terminal if it is okay to deploy to that environment, most likely named 'dev'. If that is fine, you can hit `y` and enter, then you're good to go. Go check the OneBlink Hosted API page and give it a refresh if required. You should see your brand new shiny API!

Reviewer: Might want to include a screenshot of the terminal for context here

![An image of the OneBlink Console showing a hosted API](../pics/ShinyNewAPI.png)

> Now, you have learnt the steps required to writing your own code and hosting your own API! Feel free to view some of the examples for code that you can use on your own Form!

Reviewer: Might be useful to also include how to setup, configure and test the deployed options set via the Console and then show how to use the logs and metrics options for the api

# Hosting your API with OneBlink

## Deploying your API

Now we are at the fun stage, deploying our newly created API.

If everything is still setup from the past few steps, then we will be good to go. If not, you will have to ensure that you have logged into the OneBlink CLI and that you are in the right folder in your terminal.

Now we can run the command

`oneblink api deploy`

After running this, you will get text in your terminal if it is okay to deploy to that environment, most likely named 'dev'. If that is fine, you can hit `y` and enter, then you're good to go! 

![An image of a Powershell Terminal showing a successful OneBlink API deployment](../pics/Terminal.png)

 Go check the OneBlink Hosted API page and give it a refresh if required. You should see your brand new shiny API!

![An image of the OneBlink Console showing a hosted API](../pics/ShinyNewAPI.png)

> Now, you have learnt the steps required to writing your own code and hosting your own API! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have learnt the steps required to write your own code and hosting your own API! 
```

Author: ```suggestion
Now, you have learnt the steps required to write your own code and host your own API! 
```
Tense of host

Additionally, you will see 3 boxes. These boxes will contain graphs or, if you're lucky enough to have no 4xx or 5xx HTTP responses, you will see a green tick with a nice message. If you are not lucky enough, these will also contain graphs that you can look at. 
These metrics can provide insight into the traffic that you are receiving from your API. 

### Logs

You can see what the logs screen looks like below:

![An image showing a Hosted API's log page with no logs](../pics/APIHostingLogsFrownyFace.png)

From top to bottom again, you can see the API link with its environment in the top left then below that is a filter bar. 

Here you can filter on a search parameter, a start time, and end time and a refresh button to search with those parameters. The search parameter will let you search your API logs for those parameters and it will return any that matches. The start date time and end date time will allow you to configure the time range that you would like to investigate logs for. 

> Below that, we have the area where logs show, in the screenshot above, you can see that it has a sad face with a message indicating that there were no logs found. You can change your time period to see if you can locate any logs. If you have been following long, you should have some from the call made earlier, so hit the start date and change it to yesterday, then hit refresh!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below that, we have the area where logs are show,n in the screenshot above, you can see that it has a sad face with a message indicating that there were no logs found. You can change your time period to see if you can locate any other logs. If you have been following along, you should have some from the call's made earlier, so hit the start date and change it to yesterday, then hit refresh!
```

Author: ```suggestion
Below that, we have the area where logs are shown, in the screenshot above, you can see that it has a sad face with a message indicating that there were no logs found. You can change your time period to see if you can locate any other logs. If you have been following along, you should have some from the calls made earlier, so hit the start date and change it to yesterday, then hit refresh!
```

Lone n had snuck in there and it should be calls instead of call's, since it's multiple calls not possessive

Now you will hopefully see something like this: 

![An image showing a Hosted API's logs screen](../pics/APIHostingLogsShown.png)

> When logs do appear, they are in a box and show the date they occurred up the top. There will be a box for each respective day. Looking at a row, you can see the time this occurred, the request id, and what occurred at that time. The logs will provide information regarding any information you have written to the Console via your code (through methods such as ```Console.log()```, ```Console.error()``` or anything equivalent.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When logs do appear, they are in a box and show the date they occurred up the top. There will be a box for each respective day. Looking at a row, you can see the time this occurred, the request id, and what occurred at that time. The logs will provide information regarding any information you have written to the Console via your code (through methods such as ```console.log()```, ```console.error()``` or anything equivalent.)
```
